Good morning my name is Victor Galvan im from TI 4-3 And tody my presentation will
be about a book call "the little prince"

Startirng with the author of the book
Antoine Marie de Saint-Exupéry was born on June 29, 1900 into a wealthy family 
in Lyon (France). 
In 1921 he completed his military service and began to feel trapped by aviation,
firmly determining his purpose of being a pilot in the city of Strasbourg.


Publication
On April 6, 1943, The Little Prince was published for the first time.
The origin of the book is located in the accident he suffered in the Libyan desert, 
in December 1935, and his consequent long wandering through the dunes, with visual 
and auditory hallucinations caused by thirst that made him establish a dialogue between 
his two selves. the one who believes that there is no hope and the one who has it,
the one who reasons and the one who imagines. 
 


The synopsis of the book
A pilot is lost in the Sahara desert after his plane crashed, it is there that he 
meets a little prince who comes from another planet. A book full of values for children. 
Including social criticism of adults. The profound observations of life are presented 
with the visit of the little prince to earth. This visit begins with an assessment 
of the adults. The six absurd people that the prince had previously encountered represent, 
according to the narrator, almost all	 the entire adult world. To then give way to the 
plot of the story of the pilot stranded in the desert.
*
Why this is the best book for a kid
One of the most fundamental books for a child, which explains complicated values 
and virtues of life in a simple and magical way. The simplicity with which the writer
shows his perception of life to the children is magnificent, giving them important 
life lessons for their development.
Also, this book has 140 million copies all over the planet, because you know,
 we adults love numbers. 


Thanks for watching my complete presentation
And remember
the essential is invisible to the eyes
